To deploy your containerized Flask web application on Google Cloud Run, you'll need to follow these steps:

Step 1: Set Up a Project on Google Cloud Platform

If you don't have a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account, sign up for one at https://cloud.google.com.

Create a new project or select an existing one in the GCP Console.

Step 2: Enable the Cloud Run Service

In the GCP Console, navigate to the "Cloud Run" service.

Click "Enable" to enable the Cloud Run API for your project.

Step 3: Push the Docker Image to a Container Registry

Before deploying to Cloud Run, you need to push your Docker image to a container registry. You can use Google Container Registry (GCR) for this purpose.

a. Authenticate Docker with GCR:

Run the following command to authenticate Docker with GCR:

bash
Copy code
gcloud auth configure-docker
b. Tag your Docker image:

Tag your locally built Docker image with a GCR registry URL. Replace [PROJECT-ID] with your GCP project ID:

bash
Copy code
docker tag flask-app gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/flask-app
c. Push the image to GCR:

Push the Docker image to GCR:

bash
Copy code
docker push gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/flask-app
Step 4: Deploy the Containerized Web Application

Now, deploy your containerized Flask web application to Google Cloud Run:

bash
Copy code
gcloud run deploy flask-app \
  --image gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/flask-app \
  --platform managed \
  --allow-unauthenticated
Replace [PROJECT-ID] with your GCP project ID. The --allow-unauthenticated flag allows public access to your Cloud Run service. You can configure authentication and access controls as needed.

Follow the prompts to choose a region and confirm deployment. Google Cloud Run will automatically handle container scaling, load balancing, and HTTPS certificate management.

Step 5: Configure Environment Variables

You can set environment variables for your Cloud Run service if your application requires them:

bash
Copy code
gcloud run services update flask-app \
  --update-env-vars KEY=VALUE,ANOTHER_KEY=ANOTHER_VALUE
Replace KEY and VALUE with your specific environment variable names and values.

Step 6: Access and Test Your Deployed Web Application

After the deployment is complete, you will receive a URL where your Flask web application is accessible over HTTPS. You can find this URL in the output of the gcloud run deploy command.

Visit the provided URL to access your deployed Flask web application on Google Cloud Run. Test it to ensure it works as expected.

That's it! You've successfully deployed your containerized Flask web application on Google Cloud Run and configured any necessary settings.